# airbnb_berlin_2024

<p><strong>GOAL</strong></p>
<p>The objective of this analysis is to evaluate the price, location, and seasonality trends of Airbnb listings in Berlin, with a focus on understanding their impact on the city's rental market. By examining the pricing dynamics, geographical distribution, and seasonal fluctuations of Airbnb accommodations, we aim to gain insights into the broader rental landscape in Berlin. This comprehensive assessment will provide valuable information on how the Airbnb market influences the availability and affordability of long-term rentals in the city. By scrutinizing these factors, we can uncover patterns that may contribute to fluctuations in the housing market, helping policymakers, real estate professionals, and residents make informed decisions regarding the regulation and management of short-term rentals in Berlin.</p>

<p><strong>DATA</strong></p>
<p>The Airbnb report for Berlin in 2024 provides valuable insights into the city's short-term rental market, utilizing data compiled by Inside Airbnb from the official Airbnb website. This comprehensive report is a result of thorough analysis and exploration of the available data, shedding light on various aspects of the Airbnb landscape in Berlin. The information presented covers details such as property listings, availability, host characteristics, and other relevant metrics. The dataset, sourced from http://insideairbnb.com/explore, serves as a reliable and up-to-date resource for understanding the dynamics of the short-term rental market in Berlin as of January 15, 2024. The information about the rental market in Berlin was collected from https://www.statistik-berlin-brandenburg.de/.</p>
